In this video, we are going to go ahead
and implement the specialty map service.
Specialty is a attribute of Vets.
We'll go ahead and implement that.
This is number 31. I'm going to toggle
over to IntelliJ and start working on
that now.
The first thing that we want to do,
it's going to be a lot like the vet
service. We're going to implement our
basic CRUD service. The first thing we
want to do is come in and create a new
service for
Specialties.
It's going to stand out our CRUD service
and that's going to be
Specialty.
The primary key of Long or the ID value.
We need to make an interface, of
course. That provides that. Now we want
to come in and let's see here. Let's take
a look at the VetServiceMap. I'm going
to split this. It's a handy trick to
do when you have something that's fairly
cookie cutter. You can split it out.
I'm going to go through and just kind
of use the other one to cheat from, so
I'm going to say new Java class.
Now I can say that it's going to
extend the
AbstractMapService. This is getting
to be a Specialty
Long and it will
implement our SpecialtiesService,
like so. Now you can see
that I'm getting a red squiggly there.
I'm going to hit command N on the Mac.
I'm just going to say implement methods.
That tells me all the methods is
going to implement. You can see
IntelliJ guesses a little bit wrong as
far as the types even though we're using
generics up here. It's not going to get them
quite right for us, but I have my handy
cheat sheet right below me here. So what
I want to do is this is going to be a
Set Specialty that's going to return
back super,
findAll(),
like so. So that would be happy.
Now this is
also going to return back a Specialty
here.
The ID value is going to be a Long.
In this case, I want to
super,
findById()
like so. You can see how
I'm implementing each one of these. So
now, I'm going to take in a Specialty. Return
back a Specialty. In this case, I'm going to do
super.save in that object.
We have the delete by the object.
It's going to take in that and then we
will say super
object.
It's also going to take in a
Long
this time, so we have two delete methods.
This one's going to take in a Long.
You can see up here on line 30, I got
a little mess up in the formatting, so I
do command option L. Let's see that that
is the command to reformat things so
that has done that. This is really
easy to forget. I did not mark this as a
service yet. So now that it's marked as a
service, this is going to be
available to the Spring Context.
Just to recap, I'm going to close that.
We implemented that SpecialtiesService.
This extends out. It looks like I
have a typo there, so let me refactor
that. See I have a typo there, so I'm
going to come in and do a refactor
rename
SpecialtiesService. Hopefully I spelled it
right this time. There we go. My
squiggly went away. That is happy,
so now i refactored that and so that's
the interface. That interface extends out
our CrudService so that gives us our
standard CRUD operations. CRUD again
is Create Read Update and Delete.
That's exactly what we're doing here
with this interface. We are setting up a
standard set of methods, and then we
provided an implementation of that using
our map service. Remember, we extend
out our AbstractMapService. Kind of a
common object and we're using our hash
map here
to provide this implementation.
We're using Java generics or
Specialty Long and then we implement
our interface for the SpecialtiesService.
So that completes that. Let's come
over here. That was number 31, so I'm
going to go ahead and close out number
31. I'd say Git.
I cannot spell Specialties
today.
Try that one more time. That was
number 31.
Number 31, like so. Now go ahead and
commit this and push that up to GitHub.
You see that is pushing. We'll toggle
over to Chrome and this will switch over
to close once it goes up there, so
that completes that task.